
Version	Release Date	Build Info
1.0.0	June 2011		PlanetM Initial Release. Allows to scan movies and store them in database, view, manipulate etc.
2.0.0	July 2011		Includes new module miniIMDB. Movies can be synced with information like Director, Stars, Ratings etc. from IMDB site.
2.5.0	Sept 2011		Added new column in MovieLocation table for size of movie in that location.
2.6.1	Oct  2011		Contains bug fixes in earlier versions. For list of bug fixes see release information below.

Bugs fixed in this release
>>PlanetM 2.6.1 is the latest release. The following bugs were fixed in this release: 
Added new Find button for quick search of movies by name in the grid.
Added shortcuts to almost all major functionality for faster operation (Ex. Find F3, Refresh F5).
Modified wishlist form with new GUI. Also few more columns were added in wishlist.
Movies can be searched by using cast in IMDB Search.

What's new in last major release?
>>PlanetM 2.5.0 is last major release in July 2011. The release information is as below: 
Added new column in MovieLocation table for size of movie in that location.
Adding size column in MovieLocation table gives flexibility to store size of same movie in different locations.
The size column in MovieInfo will be used to hold the maximum size for that movie available in our collection.
The same maximum size will be refered everywhere else when mentioned about movie size.
New size column in MovieLocation will also helps in distinguishing multiple prints of the same movie.
Different sizes for same  movie can be noticed after opening perticular Movie.

System requirements
	Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP3/Vista SP1/Windows 7 Professional:
        Processor: 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium IV or equivalent
        Memory: 2 GB
        Disk space: 1 GB of free disk space
    Ubuntu 11.04:
        Processor: 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium IV or equivalent
        Memory: 2 GB
        Disk space: 850 MB of free disk space
    Macintosh OS X 10.6 Intel:
        Processor: Dual-Core Intel (32 or 64-bit)
        Memory: 2 GB
        Disk space: 850 MB of free disk space

	Networking:	Internet access required for IMDB functionality to work.
	
	Software requirements
		.Net Framework 4.0 needs to be installed to run the application.
		Adobe Reader or similar PDF Reader application to view PDF Reports.
		Microsoft Excel or similar Excel Reader application to view Excel Reports.
		Internet Explorer needs for viewing Movie information from IMDB in browser.
		VLC Media player for playing movies.


Release History

PlanetM 2.6.0	Sept 2011 
After merging new movie with old one, the Size in MovieInfo was updated with new size if greater.
Show availability of movies on media such as HD/DVD/Laptop/PC on movie home screen. User able to open corresponding folder on click.
As well as provided right click on media location button which will allow user to options open, delete and play movie.
Added new functionality to show recently added movies in the collection. Recent movies will be shown to the user.

PlanetM 2.5.5	Sept 2011
Added about box providing information about software.
Only one instance of form to be opened at a time.
Added wishlist button on MiniIMDB. This button will show movies which you don't have and wish to see them.
Added status after ImdbSync and Checksum operation to the console view so that existing operations could be tracked.
User able to export all movie posters in specified folder.
Duplicate finder functionality added which will allow user to show movies which are available in more than one location.

PlanetM 2.5.0	Sept 2011
Added new column in MovieLocation table for size of movie in that location.
Adding size column in MovieLocation table gives flexibility to store size of same movie in different locations.
The size column in MovieInfo will be used to hold the maximum size for that movie available in our collection.
The same maximum size will be refered everywhere else when mentioned about movie size.
New size column in MovieLocation will also helps in distinguishing multiple prints of the same movie.
Different sizes for same  movie can be noticed after opening perticular Movie.

PlanetM 2.1.0	Sept 2011
User is able to scan specified folder for movies instead of adding config entries. Need to give folderpath as well as language for the movie.
If scanned folder is on CD Rom then enabled to retrieve movies who are not contained in any folder but only video files present. Also file needs to be at least 100 MB in size.
If movie synced with IMDB and if same movie came in diff location and tried scan then duplicates created(If movie name matches then location gets automatically added).
Provide merge option for new movie so the location will get added to exising movie entry. User need to provide name for sync.

PlanetM 2.0.1	July 2011
After updating movie name white out('') IMDBID in MovieInfo if null >> After scan if IMDBID is blank('') update size info only else update all info required.
After scanning all locations show movies from newest to oldest by folder modified date.
Show movies sorted by name in ASC in miniIMDB

PlanetM 2.0.0	July 2011
Planet has been combined with new module miniIMDB.
MiniIMDB - as name suggests is one huge database in itself like IMDB - greatest movie site ever built.
Movie collection can be synced with information like Director, Stars, Ratings etc. from IMDB site. Internet connection is required.
You can sync existing movies as well as add new movies to your MiniIMDB. Make your own wishlist.
Once data stored in database it is available offline giving you much needed information about movies.

PlanetM 1.0.0	June 2011
PlanetM Initial Release.
PlanetM allows user to scan his movie collection from any media such as Hard Drive, DvDs etc.
After scanning these information will be stored in database allowing to see/manipulate his collection.